hey everybody welcome Exeter land please
mining - again 4 + or gods etc etc we
can't lose etc etc we have lost recently
obviously but we're still crushing it
dude really cursed I zodiac at least our
other will actually I'm going to say our
other stats are good tears kind of suck
- a 6 w x9 KF o I just exited that's a
new one that's what I said about that
but there's our there's our run there's
our stats speeds bad damages ok
rate of fire is bad but there's a you
know room to grow I got rhymes in my
mind embedded like an embryo real
problem rate of fire plus I hey what's
that item alright that's right it's
cursed I it's cursed I'm Shibuya yeah
yeah Shibuya roll call my name is cursed
I I suck a lot you got two items that's
what you got I'm not sure that bit
turned out that's ok I guess in a way
you know there was a time where I liked
curse die or at least thought I liked
curse die there was also a time when I
really liked you know the Canadian
children's band Sharon Louis and Bram so
I don't think you can necessarily hold
that against me we did get a big luck
downgrade from experimental treatment
but apart from that it was hugely
valuable a speed upgrade with a actually
fairly substantial damage upgrade as
well so I think we're not in as bad of a
position as we were very recently and
you know maybe our negative luck comes
back to haunt us at some point they also
got HP out of it I forgot to mention but
maybe it comes back to haunt us at some
point but for now I'm very okay with it
we also have the scissors I just noticed
as a trinket so I mean counterfeit penny
for the swallowed penny is probably
better because it does give us the
ability to essentially if we wanted to
we can create an arcade on this floor
probably a for the next floor I should
say and then maybe if we get an arcade
we get a ton of value out of that
because of the added benefit but I want
to try the scissors because we rarely
take it
I think it would be a good try and
honestly like I was mind flooded there
while I was fighting rag man just
because he's an annoying boss but I'm
really glad to kill him so easily and do
look at that magic mush all stats up we
got eight damage rate of fire has not
improved speed has improved we still
have the the teleportation issue which
is going to I mean if anything maybe I
should just treat it as a convenient
excuse to not have to fight void I do
want you to loop it if this guy hasn't
so I'm going to go back there but yeah
we got potential problems dude no bombs
on this floor but zodiac came through
with Stompie that's actually called Leo
which we actually really want that's one
example of why right there we just got a
black market with four and a half HP so
we can totally take some of these deals
if they're deemed appropriate I'll admit
slight dicey but if we're going to take
these items you might as well make our
HP work for us first new there goes our
deal with the devil chance we'd probably
already lost our deal with the devil
chance right
no biggie all right go back there and
don't sweat it
cuz now that you've got some extra
spirit arts I actually think this is you
know potentially as good as the deal
with the devil to begin with and rarer
as well so bloody penny yeah okay I
think this is a good idea there in a
year of rune was the other thing a
magician just pop it get rid of it okay
here you got to go nuns have it compass
is probably next
I'll take deep pockets sure did we go a
little hard on this I believe that would
be the way that you would refer to it
yes but the three pretty useful items
that makes me feel bad in my soul we
took damage there but bloody penny was a
big pick up there even though it was
absent the the reason for going down
there in the first place that might end
up being the most important pick up we
got but moreover like even if it's not a
great deal you see a black market you go
for the black market dude you go as hard
as you can in that M effing paint and
the reason for that just because it's
rare and it's fun that's at this point
in the Isaac you know lifespan that's
important having a good time we're here
for a good time not a long time unless
we invent you know like a mortal life in
which case do whatever you want I guess
but you can also do what you went
through what you want with my body it's
not a library it's not a library at all
I lied to myself a luck upgrade is very
important you think it's a secret room
here if it is we can save a bomb that
hurts and it's a great deal either way
though
lads rag it's pretty decent at keeping
us alive at the very least if nothing
else apart from that I think we're
basically just ready to hopefully beat
the odds and get a deal with the devil
in the end this floor didn't turn out
perfectly but I can't be mad you know
the existence of a black market is
always going to make things more
interesting shrimp to hoop is a huge
item for us to pick up beat the odds got
to deal with the devil also got synth
aisle I'll take Guppies tail as well so
we're at 10 damage a little dicey on the
HP front admittedly but this is the way
I prefer to live my life like there's no
tomorrow no longer do we have stompy
unfortunately one way or the other you
have to face the fact that we have mr.
boom really we're gonna have to face the
fact that we have cursed I eventually
whether that's you know just preventing
ourselves from getting hit at some point
er figure into something else out I
couldn't tell you to be honest kirsta is
not always the kiss of death sometimes
it is irrelevant it runs the gamut from
irrelevant to kiss of death I suppose
but you know it has a little flavor of
interest for certain my favorite
vh1 show so I'll tell you what we're
gonna do this I'm not mad about that I
want to roll with this because I truly
believe we did it I know you're gonna be
mad because we got brimstone but you got
to hear me out here first off we just
got another guppy item as well but
secondly don't die he didn't die we we
got brimstone it cancels curse die I
will never apologize for getting rid of
curse die by using brimstone now
straight-up still not necessarily
crushing it because the rate of fire is
really bad however I feel really good
about the decision that we made here and
beyond that we're going to roll coupon
as well so we took a little Zayn away
but we also added some Zayn I've never
used coupon really at least and I've
gone on record as being like it's not
that good in my opinion I think it's a
little overrated at least however if
they can you know kick off on this run
and start giving us like incredible free
deals with the devil this could be a
really really fun one obviously we don't
need to deal with the devil on this
floor I'd actually rather you know we
just burn off the damage penalty if
possible or not damage penalty inside
the the devil penalty stay there please
he didn't stay there
he moved pretty uncool bro if I do say
so myself
actually very concerned about dying too
mega fatty HP please okay all is
forgiven there was a period there where
I was afraid I was petrified thinking
how am I going to live without you by my
side that's me singing to HP then Anson
has spent so much money you wondering
how you got me strong and I mmm
continue to grow strong apparently okay
these jokes are not poppy this is why I
shouldn't record late at night you
wouldn't give me a second black market
that would be like otherworldly so we
get piercing shots
doesn't actually do anything for us I
think with brimstone except give us a
very insensitive costume but we'll be
moving on here
goodbye curse die it's been nice
shouldn't record this late at night
[Music]
trademark weed has run quite dry finish
the running eat some french fries and
lemons I need a little hungry as a thing
and there's anybody that's in the
comments that's against french fries
honestly you can just get out as far as
I'm concerned there's a few foods that
all right I mean I wouldn't say innocent
you know I understand if you're chasing
those six-pack abs right now you don't
want to hear about French fries but I'm
going to level with you they're
delicious
potatoes are a miracle food not because
of nutritional benefit necessarily I'm
not a nutritionist that wouldn't dare to
tell you that but because of the fact
that they a taste delicious and B are
usually easy to make NC tastes good in
almost every form raw potatoes sometimes
I talk I'm like a you know I knew a girl
in university who ate raw potatoes
people say either that's weird or I've
done that it's not that weird the second
group of people is wrong that is that
weird
in fact it's precisely that weird but
anyway I just don't understand why he'd
go for a riot a tow over a cooked one
except for timing reasons but anyways I
digress at this point there was a
quote/unquote controversial photo going
around about like you know this is the
definitive like fried potatoes ranking
and honestly I kind of agreed with it up
at the top and had waffle fries waffle
fries I think I have them so rarely that
I appreciate them every time I don't
think I've ever had a bad batch of
waffle fries
number two were Belgian freaks I've
never had them to the best of my
knowledge although they're you know
obviously it didn't
Belgium invent french fries I understand
that at first glance that sentence
sounds very stupid but I thought that
was indeed the case I know they're
served in a cone with mayonnaise up
there you know I will say I thought they
underrated Curly's curly fries are weird
because they always have zest I don't
know when we agree that the curly fry
convention that all curly fries were
always going to have zest
I'm glad the zest I think is a very nice
thing to have a little flavored salt you
know but I do think that curly fries
have one problem and that's that if
they're not cut properly which a lot of
frozen ones admittedly aren't they stick
together and then they don't cook as
well in the oven so you end up with some
perfectly cooked crispy curly fries and
you're like these are delicious then you
end up with some where like the middle
of the curly is raw and that's the same
concern that I have with potato wedges
but I would put both of those higher
than they had them on the list they also
had garlic fries hi and I got to be
honest with you I don't understand I
don't understand a couple of things one
is that understand what a garlic fry is
the second one is sometimes if I go to a
gastropub you know a hipster pub they'll
be like well you can change your french
fries into garlic parmesan truffle fries
for three dollars and fifty cents and
sometimes I've done it and I've been
like I don't really notice the
difference I think and I you know it's
that's three dollars and fifty cents I
could have spent on something else you
know and that's that's one zone on the
SkyTrain right there I don't know if
it's worth it but maybe I'm just missing
out on that but apart from that I looked
at that list and I said you know what
this person is a good head on their
shoulders as far as I'm concerned I'm
not necessarily a hundred percent on
with their choices but I think you know
we're never going to agree a hundred
percent if they put sweet potato fries
at number one I would have been like I
disagree even though I also like a good
sweet potato fry but yeah I think lot
they hit the broad-strokes correctly as
far as I'm concerned hey any chance you
could give me a key I know I spent keys
that maybe I shouldn't have spent
but at the same time you're kind of
killing me here okay miss bombs didn't
really ask for those we're probably
going to become guppy here regardless I
just got a feeling down in my gut that
the guppy dream is about to come to
fruition it's been long enough and guppy
brimstone course the perfect combination
for us for a hot summer day
but oh those guppy nice to me more tell
me more okay I mean well he didn't have
to go that far
hey dude thanks for two keys originally
I was going to say something in his
voice that made me insult you a little
bit but then I realized you did a lot to
help me out here so thank you very much
and now I can't get rid of this accent
for some reason highly offensive please
stop brain is broken stop doing the
accent man like I can't this is my voice
now apparently all right we're gonna
we're gonna make this coupon work for us
the time is right the time is right the
time is right although you know we had
to take that to really enable it but at
the same time I'm please I don't I don't
want old bandage here a bandage is a guy
that can't get no love from me hangin
out the passenger side of his best
friend's ride trying to holler at me I
didn't mean to buy that if you'll excuse
me I have an important Skype message to
attend to says james's that's a big hit
it's a it's darkest dungeon video I'm
not going to begrudge them for talking
about darkest dungeon I may not play the
game myself anymore but I respect their
right to do so well NL that's very
generous of you look I'm just trying to
meet them on a human level okay dude
thanks for the HP appreciated we are
going to open this to try to get to
arcade levels so we didn't we got an
ability to fly which we already have and
actually like cannot take in this
situation
good but not good enough
good well bad but not good enough fun in
fact I wish I hadn't done that because
well I mean the coupons interesting as
well but we could have used that with
brimstone for sweet combinations but hey
again whenever you leave an item room
and you got the best thing that you
could have possibly gotten like when
your last reroll gives you the best
thing you're happy camp I didn't meet it
freaking take hold bandage man I want to
keep or Babylon pump in here that was an
expression that came out wrong but by
the time it was already out and I
realized that it was not that good I had
it was already too late so hear me out
here play this guy and get old bandy to
work for you come on old bandy just give
me a red heart dude
it's interesting isn't it we take this
will respond as like Lazarus I think why
wouldn't we just take an extra reroll
that's our Lasry role we might just want
to eat it and come back as dark Judas
but we should wait I suppose until until
we get like one more spirit heart or
something
but if that happens and we're able to
keep our spirit hearts like there's an
enemy if we're able to keep our spirit
how it's going I think we're in a very
good spot even though our HP is actually
straight-up horrible right now
tella pills actually pretty useful
we do want the keys for certain and we
did things right you know I guess we
could have taken fate on the last floor
if we'd known that we were going to
respawn but we had the ball in our Court
there we didn't want to do that because
it would have ruined Whore of Babylon
so HP is the most important stat on a
like fundamental level you need some HP
to live no matter how good your run
seems to be that stinks dude we can't
win for losing on teleporting lately
even the last run we we teleported like
accidentally well tell you what
obviously we want this if we die I'll
always say do it this I do it let me in
okay place a bomb then let me in a lot
of decent stuff here
I didn't know what that was going to do
I just wanted to try it
uh please murder me thank you bring me
back on the outside thank you
damage is through the roof right now
teleport card please fingers crossed
nope the troll god laughs said you're
crossing the fingers
well you know what laugh at this buddy
and then I just picture me taking like a
ak-47 to a picture of The Binding of
Isaac's cover that that that that that
that that that freaking goddamn dude
so vicious tongue lashing we're on the
verge of I mean to OpenNet hey it was
worth it
we're on the verge I don't think we want
it there we're on the verge you know
bitter sweet symphony' that's the verb
now that I think about it we're on the
verge of a couple of great
transformations obviously we want to get
Guffey okay you've earned yourself
another opening here yeah I'm in we're
on the verge of God people are also on
the verge of spun I would love to make
both of those happen because they're
both very good as as simple as it gets
right there I'm going to blow you up
because I want the maximum possible deal
with the devil chance here even if it
says forces us to mess with that guy
who's largely like a pretty cool dude
most of the time I'm sorry to see him go
like that all right so we're ready to
move on here again I it's going to be a
conspiracy theory I'm trying to like
rush through these runs but I keep just
accidentally teleporting I mean a kid
stopped myself in teleporting life now I
keep accidentally teleporting and also
getting like really strong and making
things look like I'm trying to uh like
I'm trying to go as quickly as possible
and there sincerely is not the case but
both of these last ones have popped in a
big way so I can understand if you'd
feel that way and you know what if you
want to build that narrative I disagree
with you but I defended the death your
right to do it we got stompy again so we
got three crawl spaces it would probably
be like a new NL record for the most
crawl spaces I've ever gotten in one run
it not just crawl spaces but like the
black-market counts and if you say why
does it count I say because I freaking
say it does okay you got a problem take
it up with you know lefty and righty
here those are my fists those are
actually that's my manager and my PR
I specifically hired them for their
novel names my fists are called Tristan
and his old dude you can't win for
losing with this guppy nonsense where's
my gun yet I've been trying to make it
to happen for 230 years here I mean I'm
not disappointed to have MA the void
it's a lovely item and sake bus is also
fantastic but I'm kind of just surprised
with all that being said this is like
one of the easiest runs I think I've
ever had
reg not a reg genuinely it's almost
become like a joke if we rushed it we
could probably finish this whole run
within like 21 minutes be careful
because they're going to explode but I
do still want demon hearts if possible
so it's like I'm torn like a Natalie
Imbruglia song what's not that song was
from the perspective of a piece of paper
later I found out is from the
perspective of a person now that's
talented songwriting how does she do it
what's she up to these days please don't
be dead by the time this video goes out
it's going to make me look really
insensitive I mean also you would be
dead which would be terrible for you
unless it in and you're suffering I
suppose but I don't know it's a little
bit too nuanced of an issue for me to
get in in the 4430 second time that I
play The Binding of Isaac on video get
the idea obviously we're going to go for
it here we otherwise is going to be like
a 21 minute video I deal with all the
old must be a speedrun comments and when
it actually is you know get a little
indignant I don't know I'd like to look
for a per throw if possible on soos the
anus room I don't think we're at
bookworm
great name for a librarian though at
bookworm or Twitter handles suppose okay
well we definitely want taro cloth which
we totally should have used the coupon
oh no that's not true necessarily
because we're happy to have the coupon
still cuz we get the get the damage
bonus dude you had to give me I'm
excited there we may actually die as a
result how does that make you feel
excited yeah figures I want to see if
that actually widens our brimstone shot
it seems like it doesn't but it's not
like the other item would have been much
used anyway so guess double chariot is
pretty good and then we've got like an
added incentive to survive because we
have double Yara for the chest so we can
just make it to the chest which seems
you know completely plausible we will
need 16 keys to open everything but
certainly seems like it'll be worth it
okay things are things are going a
little faster than they usually to at
this stage of the fight I'm not going to
chase succubus like it can do whatever
it wants the more damage the merrier
though and the chariot card is something
I'm going to save for a little later
double chariot card
you know it's a blessing in the curse a
blessing because it's very good at
keeping us alive a curse because we're
not going to be able to do any extra
damage except for the damage via our
orbital which is not that strong so I'd
rather like you know make hay while the
Sun's up
got to be honestly I'm not necessarily
convinced this was a right call for us
do you appreciate the extra spiders
just a little just a lot no extra
spiders this time I wanted to get ma the
void to pop and give us like a black
card collective there and I think that's
actually how things went also remain my
indie band from high school we're a
sunny day real estate cover band that
only played emo polka the genre we
created ourselves then in folk chronica
where our main influences and functor
Annika and folk adele ik just really all
kinds of Daleks
including a Dalek psych
that's a our cover band that only plays
Adele songs in fact we only know one we
only know chasing pavements and only the
chorus it's not very good okay so this
joke is going nowhere I'm just gonna you
know hang out here with the chariot
we're gonna be a little light on HP when
we leave to be straight up with you I
think that hit at least I'm excited
screwed us
and I'll have you know game I'm more
than capable of screwing myself and our
needs your help
the music is too fast don't do it don't
do the laser attack I cancelled my own
flippin brimstone dude I don't know if
we're gonna be able to dodge that I'm
excited version of the brimstone laser
or sorry have the beams of light it's
gonna be tricky
nice good good move good move whoo the
shots are too flippin fast
that's a beam of light I had it's not a
beam of light merciful chance at a black
card no black card but a bunch of
spiders feel pretty useful okay we
survived and you know I wouldn't say we
did perfectly but certainly could have
been a lot worse and now we should
basically just start getting guaranteed
damage done every single room and
running away with it here so we do have
a library now which is worth going to
for many reasons the big one is probably
bookworm but certainly I'm not against
picking up you know one or two extra
utility hearts here from Satanic Bible
Book of Revelations potentially should
be using mob the void as well we should
save T's we're lucky that was I mean it
doesn't hurt that much but it's annoying
we could potentially of course respond
if we die but that's something we'd
rather not you know force the game that
to hook us up with if possible similarly
I don't think we actually want HP
permanent polar invincibility is fairly
valuable no copy stream dude we can't
buy a guppy transformation lately it's
not like I should be complaining about
this run and I'm not like genuinely I'm
I'm stoked I'm just uh
little flabbergasted how difficult it's
been to become Guffey recently has ever
sing that song in an elementary school
mr. Sun Sun mr. Golden Sun clean shine
down on me Oh mr. Sun Sun mr. Golden Sun
hiding behind the tree bum bum bum
something something's I mean I don't
remember the lyrics I was in
kindergarten you know 2025 years ago I
hate even bringing that up first off I
was not like in accelerated kindergarten
or something basically my birthday was
close to the cutoff time for my school
district so my mom was like can we just
like sneak him in and they were like
yeah it's the 1990s you can do whatever
you want in the 1990s that's that's how
I ended up being in kindergarten when I
was 3 years old and then whenever I tell
people that they go no you were in
kindergarten when you were 5 years old
and I go I mean I was in kindergarten
when I was 3 for like you know a couple
months I turned for like two months
after the the year started at least this
is from what had you know that could
divine given my history and in school I
can work backwards and figure out the
year that I started junior kindergarten
but everybody always tries to tell me
like that I'm incorrect by the time that
I started kindergarten trust me I know
nothing else in this world I know the
year that I started kindergarten 2001
you got to think about that for a second
it's obviously incorrect
this feels good it's like there's a I
mean we don't want that but it was
really fun to move in between them there
I do love the magician but Wheel of
Fortune is obviously a better choice for
us who these two free items actually we
yera it we can get four items out of it
yeah yeah I'm trying to run the math
because we have the yarra wheel of
fortune then II look every wheel of
fortune not every love fortune every
wheel of fortune will be worth two so
for free items if we air a wheel of
fortune
should I give up or should I just keep
wheel of fortune why but it worked okay
let's get the heck out of here you're a
silly man is what you are public enemy
number one understand
that's not a good ac/dc impression it's
me ac/dc see it's me ac/dc see I didn't
mean to be on this room just chances
we'll finish it in like a quarter of a
second anyway oh you didn't hear they
made the they made some changes so now a
quarter of a second is actually like two
minutes
Oh copy me I was going to say daddy but
okay and it's not make it weird let's go
okay so we Yara well you know what pop
it Yara and then crack them No No maybe
fun kind of a whip on the first few
there yes yes
no dude this is it again not complaining
the run has been beautiful for us
however kind of a whiff for 16 items for
now Lux looks good
eventually Virgo might come in handy
dark bomb could save the run we probably
don't need it to be saved but you take
the shears here start cracking pills Oh
No
what's wrong something's wrong pretty
fly pretty fly just keep repeating the
same thing over hell for gold trinkets
melting okay I'm you should just move on
well be in there no we should take these
wheels of fortune it's actually eight
wheels of fortune it's going to require
a few bombs but that worked out okay
that worked out so much better
we got Beelzebub I think once we get
said this right here and that's not so
good but everything else here was like
pretty solid well we got like super
Beelzebub alright get the heck out of
here
in the end funrun you know taro cloth
came through in the clutch as the often
flash always does because it's one of
the best items they invented in this
game without a doubt we have a
guaranteed respawn right now which means
that you know in my opinion
professionally speaking repeating of
course there's basically no chance that
we die in fact I think that just goes
for real life you know oh you didn't
hear the Ray Kurzweil's it's like we've
invented immortal juice
everybody's immortal now why are you
always thinking about you know
immortality so much NL means not I'm not
really like obsessed with the
singularity or anything I just think
it's a it's a funny punchline to bring
up on occasion if it eventually comes
true don't tell Ray Kurzweil I said that
technology is neat I don't know if I
probably mentioned this before I'm
taking a cioppino why not we don't need
all of it but we'll take some in my
senior year of university I did my
graduation seminar like we had to take a
seminar class or a thesis class these
two seem like a lot of work so I did the
seminar and I did it on you know Moore's
law which is the the law that you know
the number of capacitors that can fit on
a computer chip of X size doubles every
two years and how Moore's law relates to
you know biological principles including
eventually the singularity because the
singularity is kind of based on the idea
of Moore's law as a central you know
founding premise by the way if you
listen to that and you said wow and I
thought NL was dumb actually turns out
he's smart no you just think that I'm
smart because I'm talking about
something that interests you it's a
common human foible I promise you I'm
actually still an idiot it just seems
like we're kindred spirits now because
we both are interested in the similar
thing here what was the gist of the
seminar well the answer to that question
is very simple or what were the
conclusions of the seminar well the
conclusion was I don't know I'm 21
here's what the scientists say about it
though
thanks for the a see you never class of
2010 anyway thanks for watching if you
guys enjoyed the episode if you
the like button helps out a great deal
of course subscribe you want to see more
in the future for now thanks for
watching three wins in a row I'll see
you next time